welcome back to Providence Park in
Portland Oregon man if you have never
been here for a soccer game get out here
to the Pacific Northwest
just an incredible atmosphere out here
every night as the Portland thorns
tonight hosts the Chicago red stars I
think there is a deflection I think that
was a known goal we're gonna have to
take a look at the replay here but I
think that was an on goal she is trying
to serve that ball in and you can see
Beto's fine in her spot
getting her position ready to make the
save and it looked like somebody stuck
their foot out earlier this season in
Chicago the red stars led that one to
nothing press with it cheese
time to keep it out of the pool fill up
me quickly looking ahead to Kristen
Kristen press can pull the trigger just
like that heap
great work to keep the balls
the equalizer after just damaging
mistake miscommunication in the back for
Chicago what you can see the look on the
Portland thorns Blair's face they're all
going what in the world just happened
there I don't even know if first you see
right here to open heat the couple
little moves I don't know if she's
serving it right here if she's shooting
it she looks up like she's trying to
find the fire post they're really taking
on that challenge of carrying that team
Tobin he gets to the balance in space
nice little play there by Portland to
get in deep and then Tobin he takes it
down that left side look at this ball
well done to find the width Tobin he's
making the run takes a look up once
again nice little quick step takes into
the a my goes all the way through the
box and Claire trying to go back where
it came from to get that far post
iseman perfect setup touch her first
touch was absolutely beautiful to set
this one up a nice one in the midfield
barley binds her of one touch she spins
it nobody serves to the ball she picks
her corner
this ball punched around big toes check
back down by press quick
both a horn will do her best to get
there
in the box to give up the rebound but
back to it just before Julie Johnston
good Columbia Law looking for press flag
stays down press still has it goes back
to her right gets the shot perhaps to
save the game from Beto's
how about the ball over the top from
calumny weeks you met a couple times
tonight looking for press she knows
press is gonna ride that backline nice
little touch in she gets it back on that
right foot takes a look play it out to
deeper Nardo service and toasters